{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red16\green60\blue192;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa200\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Dear Prospective Employer,\
My wife and I have recently taken early retirement (a grade one teacher and a computer science lecturer respectively) to live on a private nature reserve in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. \
We hold both UK and SA passports and are looking for gainful employment in the UK. Prefering employment in the countryside, we came across your advert on the web and we think that we would be able to provide what you are looking for.\
Each of us have a parent who was born in the UK and both our other parents are descendants\'a0of the 1820 settlers who left the UK and moved to South Africa a few generations ago. We have visited the UK each year since 2008 staying mostly with our eldest son and his wife and sometimes visiting friends who live there.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Although we do not have paid experience in estate management, I currently keep myself occupied by helping out on a voluntary basis with estate portfolios of security, water reticulation and trout farming. My wife does all our own house work, looks after our garden with a little help from me, and entertains other residents on the estate often providing dinner parties for upwards of 10 guests. Most of our friends on the estate are older than us and we get on well with all the people in our little community. Our estate has a large lake and 40km of walking trail. We both keep fit, canoeing or walking every day.\'a0\
We have married children, one couple with two grand children who live and work in Cambridge and the other couple with no children yet, who live and work in Stockholm, Sweden.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl220\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 We have recently lost our own dog (giving us the freedom now to apply for a job away from home) and we absolutely love animals, and continue to dog-sit and dog-walk for friends on a regular basis.\'a0 My wife grew up on a small holding which kept \'a0a few cows, chickens, and a couple of sheep and pigs.\'a0 The small-holding was a stable for 18 horses and my wife rode competitively during her younger years. We would be comfortable helping out with any farm duties as required.\
For further details on my teaching career and current academic endeavors please visit my personal website at:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://hughmurrell.github.io/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://hughmurrell.github.io/}}\'a0If you would like to see my wife\'92s teaching CV please let us know. To find out more about the estate we currently live on please visit:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mbona.co.za/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 http://mbona.co.za/}}\
\
Your sincerely,\
\
Hugh Murrell\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 hugh.murrell@gmail.com\

\fs24 \
}